and finally new rule now that the 25th
amendment the one about removing a
president who's incapacitated keeps
popping up in the news
someone has to explain to me if it was
written specifically for this guy then
who is it for according to Bob
Woodward's book Trump's lawyers told
Robert Muller the Trump could not
testify because he was incapable of
telling the truth this is what sling
blades lawyer argues when he's when he's
accused of murder my client is
incompetent to stand trial now I know
everyone by now knows that Trump is a
narcissist but we have to stop treating
that like it's an unfortunate
personality tick and start treating it
like what it is a serious and dangerous
mental illness
shrunk likes to tag everything within
history he did it again this week we
have the greatest economy ever in the
history of our country it's always
but in this one area he really
might be the most extreme case of
narcissistic personality disorder in
history
Nixon was bad at the end he was talking
to the white house paintings but Trump
thinks the paintings are talking to him
when Trump masturbates he fantasizes
about himself masturbating
this isn't a quirk like having a fear of
clowns or calling your wife mommy it's
in the big book of crazy Trump sets off
a hundred bombs a week and we chase all
of them but all his flaws are really
outgrowth of one thing if there was a
nutrition label on his ass it would it
would say 35% fat 65
it all comes from Macs narcissism is why
he has no empathy his first thought
after the planes hit the towers on 9/11
was now my building is the tallest
mm-hmm his whole life is the old joke
about the doctor who tells his patient
I've got good news and bad news the bad
news you only got a week to live the
good news you see my nurse I'm banging
her it's an old joke you'll get over it
narcissism is white Trump can be a
traitor and think he's a patriot because
it's like what JFK said ask not what
your country can do for you that's what
you can do for me
narcissism is why our government is now
so corrupt because the only quality that
matters is being an unbearable suck ass
to trump
no president has ever consulted more
widely or talked with more people for
more backgrounds to seek input about a
Supreme Court nomination
please you had him at presidents cannot
be prosecuted
narcissism is why we have a foreign
policy based entirely on whether or not
when our leader meets your leader he
thinks they like him
he said about president G I like him and
I believe he likes me a lot
oh I hope so maybe you guys can watch
the notebook together and braid each
other's hair
same thing with Putin he said I hope I
like him I hope he likes me
and then there's his buddy in North
Korea I just came on stage and I was
told that kim jeong-hoon said some
terrific things about me
great maybe you'll sign your tits
that's all you got to do is say
something nice Donald Trump is the
world's cheapest date he likes me I like
him who knows what's gonna happen
like what you're gonna who cares
whether other heads of state like ours
these other leaders are laughing at him
as if Putin is in the Kremlin going oh I
hope he likes me
I would poison myself and I thought that
will throb didn't like me take selfie of
me I send it to drop
and most chillingly narcissism is why
Trump is so stupid the President of the
United States the planet's most powerful
human in a data-driven world full of
shifting information can never learn
anything narcissism makes you
unteachable you can't correct him
because that would mean he was wrong and
that's impossible
he's infallible like the Pope or Oprah
Trump's brain is like a cell phone with
a full mailbox
you can call but you can't leave a
message